add document for server mode (#35)
chaos-mesh/chaosd: README.md

# chaosd

> chaosd is an easy-to-use Chaos Engineering tool used to inject failures to a physical node. chaosd supports the following two modes to inject failures:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chaosd is an easy-to-use Chaos Engineering tool used to inject failures to a physical node. Currently, two modes are supported:
```

# chaosd

> Chaosd is an easy-to-use Chaos Engineering tool. This tool is used to inject failures to the physic node, such as kill process, network failure, CPU burn, memory burn, etc.

Author: done

## Install

You can either build directly from the source or download the binary to finish the installation.

- Build from source code

    ```bash
    make chaosd
    chmod +x chaosd && mv chaosd /usr/local/bin/chaosd
    ```

- Download binary

    ```bash
    curl -fsSL -o chaosd https://mirrors.chaos-mesh.org/latest/chaosd
    chmod +x chaosd && mv chaosd /usr/local/bin/chaosd
    ```

## Usages

### Command mode

#### Process attack

Attacks a process according to the PID or process name. Supported tasks are:

- **kill process** 
  

>     Description: Kills a process by sending `SIGKILL` signal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Description: Kills a process by sending the `SIGKILL` signal
```

  
    Sample usage:

    ```bash
    $ chaosd attack process kill -p [pid] # set pid or pod name
    # the generated uid is used to recover chaos attack
    Attack network successfully, uid: 2c865e6f-299f-4adf-ab37-94dc4fb8fea6
    ```

- **stop process**

>     Description: Kills a process by sending `SIGKILL` signal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Description: Kills a process by sending the `SIGKILL` signal
```

    Sample usage:

    ```bash
    $ chaosd attack process stop -p [pid] # set pid or pod name
    ```

#### Network attack

Attacks the network using `iptables`, `ipset`, and `tc`. Supported tasks are:

- **delay network packet**

>     Description: Sends messages with the specified latency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Description: Sends messages with the specified latency
```

    Sample usage:

    ```bash
    $ chaosd attack network delay -d eth0 -i 172.16.4.4 -l 10ms
    ```

> - **loss network packet**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **lose network packet**
```
Use "lose" to be consistent?

    ```

    ```bash
    ./bin/chaosd attack disk add-payload write --path /tmp/temp --size 100
    ```

- **fill disk**

    Description: Fills up the disk

    Sample usage:

    ```bash
    ./bin/chaosd attack disk fill --fallocate true --path /tmp/temp --size 100   //filling using fallocate
    ```

    ```bash
    ./bin/chaosd attack disk fill --fallocate false --path /tmp/temp --size 100  //filling by writing data to files
    ```

#### Host attack

Shuts down the host

Sample usage:

```bash
./bin/chaosd attack host shutdown
```

> **Note:**
>
> This command will shut down the host. Be cautious when you execute it.

#### Recover attack

Recovers an attack

Sample usage:

```bash
$ chaosd recover 2c865e6f-299f-4adf-ab37-94dc4fb8fea6
```

### Server Mode

To enter server mode, execute the following:

```bash
nohup ./bin/chaosd server > chaosd.log 2>&1 &
```

And then you can inject failures by sending HTTP requests.

> **Note**:
>
> Make sure you are operating with the privileges to run iptables, ipset, etc. Or you can run chaosd with `sudo`.

#### Process attack

Attacks a process according to the PID or process name. Supported tasks are:

- **kill process**

>     Description: Kills a process by sending `SIGKILL` signal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Description: Kills a process by sending the `SIGKILL` signal
```

  
    Sample usage:

    ```bash
    curl -X POST "127.0.0.1:31767/api/attack/process" -H "Content-Type: application/json"  -d '{"process": "{pid}", "signal": 9}' # set pid or pod name
    {"status":200,"message":"attack successfully","uid":"e6d01a30-4528-4c70-b4fb-4dc47c4d39be"}
    ```

- **stop process**

>     Description: Kills a process by sending `SIGKILL` signal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Description: Kills a process by sending the `SIGKILL` signal
```

    Sample usage:

    ```bash
    curl -X POST "127.0.0.1:31767/api/attack/process" -H "Content-Type: application/json"  -d '{"process": "{pid}", "signal": 15}' # set pid or pod name
    {"status":200,"message":"attack successfully","uid":"ecf3f564-c4c0-4aaf-83c6-4b511a6e3a85"}
    ```

#### Network attack

Attacks the network using `iptables`, `ipset`, and `tc`. Supported tasks are:

- **delay network packet**

    Description: Sends messages with the specified latency

    Sample usage:

    ```bash
    $ curl -X POST "127.0.0.1:31767/api/attack/network" -H "Content-Type: application/json"  -d '{"device": "eth0", "ipaddress": "172.16.4.4", "action": "delay", "latency": "10ms", "jitter": "10ms", "correlation": "0"}'
    ```

> - **loss network packet**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **lose network packet**
```

## Usage

> You can use Chaosd to inject failures with [Command mode](#command-mode) or [Server mode](#server-mode).

Reviewer 2: Can we add a catalog in front?

Author: done

## Usage

> You can use Chaosd to inject failures with `Command mode` or `Server mode`:

Author: done

- [Command mode](#command-mode)
    - [Process attack](#process-attack)
    - [Network attack](#network-attack)
    - [Stress attack](#stress-attack)
    - [Disk attack](#disk-attack)
    - [Host attack](#host-attack)
    - [Recover attack](#recover-attack)
- [Server mode](#server-mode)
    - [Process attack](#process-attack-1)
    - [Network attack](#network-attack-1)
    - [Stress attack](#stress-attack-1)
    - [Disk attack](#disk-attack-1)
    - [Recover attack](#recover-attack-1)

### Command mode

Using Chaosd as a command-line tool.

#### Process attack

> * kill process

Reviewer: Could you please add a short description for each attack category and the corresponding sub-tasks?

Author: done
